Extend webots_ros2_examples (#55)
cyberbotics/webots_ros2: webots_ros2_examples/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog for package webots_ros2_examples
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1.0.0 (2020-XX-YY)
------------------

> * Added a new subscriber method to motor node to set motor velocity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new subscriber method to the `cmd_vel` topic to control the robot velocity.
```
